# Build 9 AI Agent Projects. Stand Out as AI Engineer [+ Gemini 3 Pre-Agent Booster]

**Source**: https://youtu.be/NcnYOLoCmxU?si=VAJHP-G4kI0qmvY1

Today, I show you how to differentiate yourself by building nine AI agents projects across nine Today, I show you how to differentiate yourself by building nine AI agents projects across nine Today, I show you how to differentiate yourself by building nine AI agents projects across nine industries, solving complex global scale problems. I'm giving you the architecture, tech, code and resources to build them yourself plus using Gemini three as pre agent builder…
 
I'm Maryam PhD with twenty plus years in AI plus using Gemini three as pre agent builder…
 
I'm Mariam PhD with twenty plus years in AI teaching AI agents to thousand in ninety plus countries… This is the biggest flower market in the world in Amsterdam, forty three million flowers daily. This is the biggest flower market in the world in Amsterdam, forty three million flowers daily.
But the problem that they have is that the buyer needs to know the species, quality and prices from one photo instantly
 
So how can we solve this one? When I was in the Museum of Future in Dubai, I saw that they had library of plants. You could just hand scan a plant get information in your hand scanner with anything about that plant. So we can do that same thing for our supply chain problem for flower market
and we call it an So we can do that same thing for our supply chain problem for flower market
and we call it an inventory scanner AI agent system. so how can we build it? We need RAG, a vision model to look at our plants put them in a vector database use a RAG pipeline to have real time pricing So for tech stack we could think of Gemini Pro or any kind of vision model, you could have Quadrant or chroma for vector database using langchain to make that RAG orchestration and real time auction data integration. then link that to that market data
 
On a conceptual level this is actually what we can build
On archive, we have also a very good paper this is the method that they use to go from a kingdom class to a species. And all of these papers can give you also extra solution for your AI agent system …on how we can use this also for another project
…on how we can use this also for another project This is the problem that so many countries face
For example
 
Japan has the most advanced infrastructure in the world at the same time facing all possible disasters in the world, earthquake, floods, volcano eruption and AI can help with that, but the problem is that, most of the standard AI just react and we need something that can predict the future So our solution is to build a geo prediction AI agent system
 
in this project, the data sources are extremely valuable. So satellite and seismic, social media, all of those give us actually the risks. And if we look at…the agent system that we can build we use those data to go ahead and do some analysis. And this data is basically time series. I will show you in another project how we can solve actually time series problems with LLMs but we could also use the LSTMs And we look the seismic data, then we can use some satellite monitoring agents. so it's multi agent system. the second agent would So the second agent is just looking at the satellite, we'll monitor, will look at it and will say are they ground displacements…
 
The next one is a weather correlation agent. So we know how much rainfall and flood are correlated. so that's another signal that we can get.
And then we look at historical pattern using a RAG. So if anytime we need actually a system with some databases of text we can use RAG. And then finally prediction coordinator agent can do something of a machine learning the simplest way and combine all of these signals
Basically, we combine a number of signals together to get a very good prediction…
 
For a tech stack, think we need always a reasoning LLMs, we need some platform to put like Groq, we need a raster vision for satellite imaging , ChromaDB, of course, for our geospatial embedding and Langgraph or any kind of the frameworks, it could be Pydentic AI. I kind of teach all of that. All of them are for this problem completely suitable and then you build your Multi Agent system…
 
Remember the breakthrough is combining weak signals of that, ground shift, rainfall, historical pattern, and then you can give very good prediction And our prediction basically can go ahead and make an alert system
 
And as I said before, it's not only for Japan, but so many countries have these different disasters and we can do this kind of projects for all of those countries Literally every country in the world has an infrastructure
 
My PhD on using AI to predict asphalt Literally every country in the world has an infrastructure
 
My PhD on using AI to predict asphalt quality won the European gold medal for future vision. quality won the European gold medal for future vision. Why? Because it impacts every road in a country, saving millions in money and lives
Asphalt is Why? Because it impacts every road in a country, saving millions in money and lives
Asphalt is insanely expensive
And on highways, hidden damage causes fatal accident
 
The problem is we need to see the damage on time
And our solution is to build actually an infrastructure agent So what we need to do is to understand actually these damages
detect the severity of So what we need to do is to understand actually these damages
detect the severity of them
and also exactly how many months until the failure, so the maintenance
 
Let's take a look at our solution. What we can do is some inspection agent, some inspection agent. What we can do is some inspection agent, some inspection agent. If you're asking why, because you can just not go ahead and do any kind of measurement when people are driving. So you need some…special…treatment
for so you need…you always have to arrange the inspection. Then we want to classify our…severity. After classifying it, we can go ahead and do some maintenance planning. So we've got our inspection agent, our severity agent, maintenance agent and when we know that in our system, our historical data, what is exactly the amount of the number of months which is correlated with the damage. So then we can get that one from a rack and then we've got a cost optimization agent. At the end you can always go ahead and do an optimization problem
So we've got severity check planning, optimization and then we've got our optimised repair schedule. So the key benefits are…that we very have, we have very minimized downtime So the key benefits are…that we very have, we have very minimized downtime for our infrastructure…
We can use this also for bridges for our infrastructure…
We can use this also for bridges …
but of course the same goes for railway. …
but of course the same goes for railway. In the department I was working, both road and railway was, doing the exact thing because all of them are, because basically all of them are assets and most of the time you need to know the material and the mechanic behind it and then you can predict anything…
 
In this case, it's always working with our, meaning that you always need to work with especially, especially engineers and…
understand the physics behind all of the and understand the physics behind all engineers and…
understand the physics behind all of the and understand the physics behind all of these materials
 
it can take months to gain that knowledge I will show you I will show you of these materials
 
it can take months to gain that knowledge I will show you I will show you later on how to speed up that process with Gemini 3 Health care is a billion dollar industry is one of those thing that all of us need
 
So we also gonna build medical agents But just before that
 
If you get confused when I explain about a framework of agents there are basically like different libraries of framework of agents there are basically like different libraries of Python with different capabilities. Python with different capabilities. Python with different capabilities. Some of them are really detailed, like Langchain, and some are very on high level, like Some of them are really detailed, like Langchain, and some are very on high level, like Crewai
and Pydantic AI and OpenAI SDK are somewhere in between. And of course, we have also MCP
 
But all you but all you need to build agents is a decent amount And of course, we have also MCP
 
But all you but all you need to build agents is a decent amount of knowledge in Python programming
 
I have all of them in my agent mastery training and you can just check the link in the description
And if you want to start today I made one module of my training for free. it will bring you from zero to hero it's a thirty minute deep dive There is also a valuable free guide included and link is in the description for that as well Okay, now the HealthCare project This is the MRI scan of my dad's brain right after he was Okay, now the HealthCare project
 
This is the MRI scan of my dad's brain right after he was rushed to the hospital, He had a severe infection and only hours to live…In that moment, doctors have the technology, but their priority is saving his life. They cannot trust black box algorithms. they need to know why decision is made to act fast. Black box AI is dangerous here…
 
That's why we choose explainable medical AI agent system …
 
giving you a sneak peek to the code, you need …
 
giving you a sneak peek to the code, you need to start building that, for example, with a line graph, you give classes , and then starting with parsing the documents. The way we build it is by parsing those documents or MRI, for example, the MRI of The way we build it is by parsing those documents or MRI, for example, the MRI of my dad patient history, any kind of data about
the patient, then my dad patient history, any kind of data about
the patient, then my dad patient history, any kind of data about
the patient, then anonymization because of the privacy of the patients, some preparation of the data. anonymization because of the privacy of the patients, some preparation of the data. You can imagine that there are lots of terminologies and we need to convert units. You can imagine that there are lots of terminologies and we need to convert units. You can imagine that there are lots of terminologies and we need to convert units. then we need a vector database of
medical literatures
PubMed is one of the famous ones. Then diagnostic and predictions
 
And here we need multimodal reasoning imaging lab Then diagnostic and predictions
 
And here we need multimodal reasoning imaging lab symptoms and also we can use specialized LLMs here
 
And after that we can use symptoms and also we can use specialized LLMs here
 
And after that we can use explainability agents that generate actually human readable reasoning
 
The key benefits are here that it's basically very transparent and explainable and is secure for medical, staff to use For a tech stack as you can see a lot of familiar one exactly as before you can use Langgraph or Pydantic AI, Chroma for database Gemini Pro is a very good, multimodal medical system and of course for explainability we can go for sharp values which is
very simple library to use.
 
In a later project, we can use sharp again By the way, there are so many papers you can get inspiration from and also learn the techniques , explainable AI
 
The Stanford Medical Imaging and also MedGraphRAG. , explainable AI
 
The Stanford Medical Imaging and also MedGraphRAG. , explainable AI
 
The Stanford Medical Imaging and also MedGraphRAG. , explainable AI
 
The Stanford Medical Imaging and also MedGraphRAG. Talking about GraphRAG, we are going to build GraphRAG in the next project… Financial crime is another global problem
as I said before, I have twenty plus years experience in AI and I've spent five years of that fighting against financial crime Tax evasion, human in AI and I've spent five years of that fighting against financial crime Tax evasion, human trafficking and terrorism…Criminal moves money and the goods through different countries and Criminal moves money and the goods through different countries and hidden in billions of transactions. They hide behind a complex web. That's why we need to use graph to capture the complexity, but also combine the data of different banks and financial institution to achieve that. We call it a financial crime detection graph AI agent system. So how does the architecture look like?
Of course, as I say, a Graph database, Neo4j is a paid one. You have also a lot of free libraries. After that, it's all about anomaly detection with isolation forest or autoencoders. Of course, we need a LLM for generating a narrative, and we can build our agent to investigate that collaboration. Here, the complexity of agent is not so high, so we can use crew AI, one of those five that I also have in my course. And finally, you can put everything in a vector database for having the entity matching. So we have network analysis, anomaly detection, LLM narrative, agent collaboration and entity matching and finally we will have this coordinated investigation. It will look like that you will see all of the transactions, find a suspicious pattern in a graph and then will say what's exactly causing it and because we are using a collaboration between the investigator and the AI agent, we can build and prosecute both cases. Do you remember I said we can use it for another project? This one is also when we make that key differentiation by adding that explainability on top of everything. on on Microsoft has a good GitHub on GraphRAG . You can check it out and see more detail it it Everything brings us from a to b needs logistics, and it's a global challenge. This is Rotterdam harbor, the biggest in Europe. Thirty thousand ships and fifty million containers annually, but the logistic are a nightmare. This is the cause of one delayed ship, two hundred plus missed connection, cargo doesn't make connecting flights to trains, perishable goods spoil, contracts are breached and millions in penalties and losses. So we definitely need to build a logistic AI agents, another amazing AI agent system to be. I've already shown you so many AI agents up to now. Let's see what's different about this one. So we need state management, so that's memory. We need to keep track of everything and the same as everywhere specialized agents container optimized. But what we also need is a feedback loop. We do not need fifty agents here, but agents need to work the whole time online and refine their plans and then execute them when it's ready. So the first one, the agent optimizer, just decide which ship to serve first. Think like port manager, creates a plan, ship A, C and B. The second one is a validator, will look if the plan physically is possible, ship A fits birds A, crane available, ship C too big, so not valid. So send feedback, ship c won't fit, try again. And agent three is basically the monitor, watch for changes trigger replanning. Every time something happened the monitor agent would change the planning. As you can see a very complex system you can still compile it down to three AI agents if you think about the logic behind So the type of papers you can use is for example warehouse logistics and they will give you different solutions on this area. And this GitHub on responsive AI clustering supply chain can also be very useful for this one. So we'll show you actually the complexity and how to handle that for such situation. I was applying AI in energy sector, we found an impactful fraud type. Illegal cannabis farms, they steal massive amounts of electricity and they cause huge fires, destroying large apartment buildings. So it's a four billion annual cost in Europe. It's huge and the fires from overloaded circuits kill people, burn buildings. You have a big safety risk. And they use about ten times normal household electricity, but they hide consumption patterns. So the challenge is detecting that sort of signal manipulation in terabytes of meter data. Why traditional matters fail is that if you have a rule based system, you have rules and detectors and the criminals adopt faster than you just update the rules. And simple anomaly detections will not work because we have a lot of false positives. So we can use LLMs, which are the next token predictors. So now we can actually predict the next signal and we call this Energy and Signal AI Agent System. The architecture is basically the same as the problem that we explained. We have a signal collection agent ingest the data, we'll get like all of the meter data, then we'll have a pattern analysis agent who will use a transform model trained on energy consumption …and then the anomaly detection agent compares the predicted and the actual and will flag unexpected spikes and unusual consistencies like phase imbalance. Then investigation agent, we will have a rack system, stem, for example, generating investigation priorities, seventy two percent match with the known gross household signature. Finally, we will have a fire risk assessment agent that will look at the overheating risk and also wiring capacity. This is where we create that big alert for immediate dangers. The Tech stack as I said is a time series transformer, we have line graph, we have vector DB and we can use a Pydantic AI from all of the different frameworks. Pydantic AI can handle structured data the best. You remember we have had that hand scan? Also, you can use that for this project because you can scan just apartment plans and then immediately identify which apartment has this cannabis. And that helps a lot with authorities like police and fire department to make people save in those apartment buildings. Let's enter the world of education. There are two billion children in the world and it's only growing. Children all need education, but in conflict zones, education looks different. Talent is everywhere, but accessibility and opportunity not. So how do we inspire a child in a limited situation to progress limitless? Let's build an inspirational education AI agencies. When children can picture who they might become they can shape how they see their own potential. So how does the tech look like? You will have a vision agent, a career knowledge RAG agent, and a voice generation agent. The first one will get like face recognition, a style transfer, Get the child's photo and then will generate actually various setting in a hospital, lab or space station. And then the career knowledge is where we put everything like career path requirements localised to Child's country and language. Then we have eleven laps for multilingual voice generation…and it will give us, okay, I know school is hard right now, but imagine if you become this and we combine that with generated image into a video and that inspired career guidance for a kid. The tech can be done, for example, with Crayi, Gemini ProVision. We need some kind of fine tuning with LoRa because we want actually professional portrait generation, then we can use for example, Langchain for building the rack. So we can combine two of the frameworks, ElevenLabs for voice generation, we You can use Movie Pie for video assembly and combining the media. And we can generate a multi model tool, which should look like this. You get the child's photo and then output a thirty second video where you tell the child what they can become. And the key mission is the technology should expand possibilities, not limit them. So the cost of this could be really, really low. Cybersecurity is another major industry that helps a lot of there there before getting into cybersecurity problem, let's do the Gemini three pre agent that I promised. Although it's a very short demo, it can save you weeks when doing these projects. So here I'm in Google AI Studio, asu. Google dot com. I have used Gemini three Pro view. I have uploaded security logs data for our cybersecurity project that I will show you in a minute. The data looks like this. And I've asked analyze attached data security logs to return the result to me as a nicely formatted HTML. Why? Because for each of the projects that you have, you have to do business understanding and data understanding. I'm gonna show you how to do data understanding much faster. So you just feed it, then it starts with analyzing, defining, crafting, refining, designing, and building. You will see him built, then I will say, where can I find the generated HTML? And it will give me the generated HTML. If I click on that, I get this data, which is amazing. Later on, if you see me building that project, you will see that these are the extraction that I've done all with a agent. So high priority alerts will come with all of the event types. It came with all of the events and unique user, brute force attack. We have, uh
, escalation, traffic data and analysis. And you can ask more question and understand your data even better. So I went look at the time series of the event, show me. It will show me actually the event time for the user, for a specific user and it's a time series of that. You can also give me some executable quotes all in Python. Then I tested the business on the site. So where can I find the complete SOP of cybersecurity attacks? It gives me a list of golden standards and I ask, can you download it? Exact information and create a visual HTML that I understand every concept. It's amazingly done.
He has done exactly what I asked. Went to NISTS and then created preparation risk assessment and everything, and detection and analysis, what you have to do, the documentation, everything. Then containment, eradication and recovery, you can see every concept has been explained and then post incident activity. In this way, I can become a cybersecurity…expert way faster. When I was doing my PhD, I had to become a civil engineer. I had to also study that for months to get each concept. But now you can do all of that in hours. So I want you to pay attention and use that. Gemini three pro looks to do it really well. The code execution, please put it on and grounding with Google search so you get valid information. I noticed that this is the first time you can really trust a lot of this information. One tip, do not make a very long conversation with, uh
, Gemini 3 Pro. It just confuses. It doesn't have a very good memory in my experience. Perfect doesn't exist. It's really good in analysis, but start your chat very often and don't put all of the analysis in one chat. Its context window is really not that great. I have a context engineering video and context engineering by itself is really important to do right. And now let's go and build AI cybersecurity defense. So you can build all these amazing AI systems. If you can't secure them, you haven't built a product, you build a target. So we need security. Cybersecurity attacks on scale can really have an effect on us even to a degree that you cannot pay in your local bakery, so we want actually to defend ourselves against these cyber attacks. So definitely need a cyber defense one and what you could do is a log ingestion, threat pattern, response orchestration and reasoning agents. I have built this project in twelve steps with all of the details in Land Graph. So, if you want to go from nothing to a complete dashboard for AI cyber defense, watch this video.
I see you