# The Best AI Tools To Make Money (Ranked)

**Source**: https://youtu.be/AtJ0XJmGE4I?si=8qkrjDjCWPQSh18q

So, these are the most popular AI tools people are using to get rich right now. But you don't want to waste money on the wrong AI tools, right? So, which ones are actually the best? It's a good question, which is why in this video sponsored by Scribe, more on them later. I'll be ranking all of these tools along a tier list so that you can spend your time and your money only on the best ones. But first, a quick warning. Some of my choices might be a bit controversial. So, you have all been warned, but yes, we're going to start off by ranking the big four heavy hitters, the AI LLM chat bots, Open AI's Chat GPT, Google's Gemini, XAI's Grock, and Anthropics Claude. And I think that out of all of these, we'll start by ranking Gemini. So, this is of course Google's answer for chat GPT. It works the exact same, but out of all of the chat bots, it has the most advanced multimodal features. And if you don't know what multimodal means, it basically means it doesn't just understand text, but also images, videos, voice, things like that. And it makes sense why it's so good with these things. After all, Google owns YouTube and it uses these videos to train its AI. Which is why, as we'll talk about later, Google has one of the best AI video generators, FO, and it has one of the best image generators, Nano Banana, which as my longtime subscribers know is a tool that I'm using in my AI print on demand store that's making me money. And these two tools along with more, including the new Google Music Generator, are included in the paid versions of Gemini, which start at just $4 a month for AI Plus or $20 a month for the pro plan with your first month free. So for sheer value along with very useful AI content creation tools that can be easily monetized, I have to put Gemini in the S tier. Okay, let's now rank the next AI chatbot, Claude. Claude is an AI chatbot made by a company called Enthropic and is kind of the opposite to Gemini. It doesn't just generate visual or audio content like Gemini. Instead, it specializes in generating text, but it's extremely good at doing that. Claude Code is right now the best coding AI tool there is on the market, and it's also the best at writing. In fact, in this tutorial here, I use Claude to help me write a 70,000word novel that could be published and sold on Amazon for a profit. But in saying all of this, it's also kind of expensive. The $17 plan is their lowest cost paid plan that includes Claude Code, and Claude's usage limits are less than other LLMs, so you'll hit your limits faster. So, because of the price, some people might pop it into the A tier, but because it's the best at coding and writing, two extremely important things, I will pop it in the S tier. Okay, let's now rank Chat GPT. We all know Chat GPT. It was the very first public AI that we all used. And so it will always have a special place in my heart. This will be very controversial. But right now, I have to pop it in the A tier, not the S tier. And it's because these days, outside of a few corner case situations, I really choose to use it. After all, Gemini now has superior content creation tools and Claude is the best at coding and at writing. So, it's a bit awkward for chat GPT. It's kind of in a jack of all trades. master of none predicament right now. And actually, this then brings me on to the next AI tool we'll be ranking, Grock. If you've never heard of Grock, it's the AI chatbot owned by XAI from X.com. In addition to chatting, writing, and coding, it can also create images and videos and is in the same predicament as Chat GPT, but it's even worse. Like, I still prefer to use Chat GPT for some things like brainstorming creative ideas, but not Grock. There is just nothing that it's best at, which is why in benchmark tests, Grock these days never wins. Yet, strangely, its pro plan costs $25 to $30 a month more than the other three, which cost about $20 a month. It's honestly kind of baffling. I'm not sure who would use it right now, so I'm sorry if you like it, but I do have to put it in the C tier. All right, now on to a very different type of tool, Lovable. Lovable is an AI tool that feels a lot like magic. It's for vibe coding an app together. So for example, I asked it to create a web app for me that converts my local time zone, the New Zealand time zone into different time zones around the world and it did just that. It vibe coded the structural app itself along with the visuals. Pretty cool, right? Do keep in mind though the apps and websites it vibe codes can break. So it works best either as a way to personally make tools for yourself or as prototypes. And what is neat is that I just used the free plan to make this. Each day with the free plan, you get five credits and I used 1.5 credits to make it. So for sheer magic factor and value factor, I would personally pop lovable in the S tier. However, overall for actually making money, it should probably go in the B tier. For apps you sell rather than just prototypes, Claude Code is what you actually want to use. So then onto the next tool. But first, can I just ask for a quick favor? If you are enjoying this video, please give it a like. It really does support the channel. So, thank you if you do choose to like the video. Okay, let's now rank this AI tool. So, is super cool and it also kind of feels like magic. If you don't know what it is, it is the most popular AI music generator. You literally just come in and type in a prompt of what you want a song of, and it will generate a professional song for you. And when I say professional, I'm not kidding. It's really cool. Like here's a snippet of the song that I just made. And yes, before people ask, you can monetize Sunno songs. I even have a tutorial on this channel showing how people are doing this. So for people who are using music directly to make money, you'd probably pop this in the S tier. But given the fact that it's more of a niche use case, I will pop it in the B tier. Okay, let's now review Google's video generator, VEO. So, there are two main ways to access VEO. One way is through a website that Google has called the Google AI Studio. You just open up the AI playground and then turn on VEO and now you can pay per video that you generate by connecting a credit card to an API key. Or, of course, if you have a paid plan of Google's AI Gemini, you can just switch to the video generator inside of it. As each subscription includes free monthly video generations, you can then either get it to make a video from scratch or upload a picture to it and get it to turn that into a video. So that's what I did. I uploaded an AI influencer photo that I had made with Nano Banana and I told Gemini to turn it into a video and have the influencer talk to the camera and check it out. So I found this coffee shop on Tik Tok and I want to try it. >> Pretty cool, right? So ranking this was a little bit tricky. I almost put it in the S tier, but I do think I actually have to pop it down into the B tier because of another tool, the first. We have a quick word from today's sponsor, Scribe. So creating tutorials on how to use different tools and apps is a hard and slow process, right? I mean, I should know. Well, today's sponsor, Scribe, has fixed that. Scribe records your workflow in real time and builds a step-by-step guide that anyone can follow. No extra effort required. Just install the free Chrome extension or download the desktop app and then click capture. And now you can complete anything on screen that you want to create a tutorial for. So I actually used it before while I filmed that VO tutorial that I just showed you. I used it to film my internet browser. And then when I was done, I just clicked the stop recording button using the Chrome extension. And look, Scribe created a step-by-step guide for me along with annotated screenshots. And I can edit steps, blur sensitive info, add notes, and then share instantly. I can share it. I can send it as a link to my video editor, download it as a PDF, add teammates to it, or embed it. And you can even follow along live. The guide me feature pulls Scribe straight into your browser with interactive step-by-step walkthroughs, which lets you see exactly where to click, and it moves you through each step as you go. So take back your time and skip the busy work. Go to scribe.how/h wholesaled to get started for free. So, thank you Sky for sponsoring today's video. And now on to the next tool, Cling. So, Cling is another super popular video generator which just released a new Cling01 model that has two cool features elements in a multi-shot mode. So, I generated two comic book character elements with Nano Banana, a superhero and a psychic. And then I generated a scene element of them standing on top of a skyscraper looking out at the city. Then I came into Clang and selected the new 01 model and I uploaded all three pictures into it to act as elements in the video. And then I chose the multi-shot feature. Then for the first scene, I told it to have the camera panning in towards them as they looked out into the city. Then in the second shot, I told CL to shift to a different cinematic comic book style angle, showing them, of course, looking out at the city. And then I added a third shot and I told Cling to do this again to shift to a different cinematic comic book style angle with them of course looking out at the city. I then set the video to be 7 seconds long with scene one to be 3 seconds and the others 2 seconds. And then I click to generate and check it out. This is what it created. So let's give it a watch. Super cool, right? However, it does have a higher learning curve than VEO. So, I was tempted to maybe put it in the A tier, but it's just so powerful and it has so many use cases for making money. So, I decided to bump it up to the S tier. But I will say the AI video space is changing rapidly and in the future, VEO could absolutely beat Cling again. So, keep watching this space. All right, then let's now rank the next tool, 11 Labs. This is the most popular AI audio generator and it has a ton of voices to pick from depending on the niche you're generating audio for. For example, need a meditative voice? No problem. Need a kids storytelling voice? Easy. Or what about a cowboy voice? Well, believe it or not, 11 Labs actually has a lot of cowboy voices to choose from. And there are also lots of ways that you can make money with AI voices. You can use the voices to make money with AI videos, AI influences, and you can even create an audio book and then sell it on Amazon. So, I think you could easily put this into the A tier. However, there are still some ways to get AI voices for free, such as within Microsoft's video editor, ClipChamp. ClipChamp's free voices obviously aren't as good as 11 Labs, but for many projects, they are good enough, you know, which means that choosing to pay for AI audio is still a little niche. though for now I will pop it into the B tier. Okay, let's now rank the next tool, Canva. So my longtime subscribers will absolutely know what Canva is. It is an AO powered graphic design tool. As I said earlier, I make money by generating AI art using Nano Banana that I then resell onto print on demand clothes. So what I do is I upload the art that I make into Canva and I use the AI tools to enhance them. For example, Canber has a great AI upscaler tool that upscales lowres images into high resolution images. And I also like to use their AI background remover tool to get rid of the background of AI images and to make them transparent. And then I will include drag and drop elements from within canvas library like text to finish off my clothing designs. And seriously, I use Canva a lot. Like fun fact, all of my YouTube thumbnails are made in it too. But as much as I love it, I tend to use their AI tools to enhance my designs rather than generate them from scratch, which makes it a bit more niche. So, I will pop it in the B tier along with the other niche tools. Okay, so next up, we're actually going to be reviewing the three most popular tools right now for making AI agents. And chances are most people watching this will know what an AI agent is, but if you don't, an AI agent is basically a virtual employee. It's a bot that can complete tasks, make decisions, and understand natural language. And the first tool we will be reviewing is this Zapia. Zapia is the most popular tool in the world for building reliable automations. And it now has AI LLM included. So you can also use it to create simple agents. For example, this is a sales prep AA agent. You just plug in your Google calendar and Slack account and it will create a report for you each day to read over and prepare in advance for any sales calls. It's very cool. I personally use Zapia myself and I love it because of the fact that it's super reliable. Basically, if you set up an automated task like this with an agent, you can count on it to work without breaking. But the way that they've achieved that reliability is that you can only automate tasks which the Zapia team have pre-built. However, this does have an upside. It means that it's beginner friendly to use. You can set up an agent in a few clicks by choosing from the tasks built into it. So, you can't build any AI agent with it, but the ones that you are able to build, you can rely on. Given how powerful this is for running a solo oneperson business, I think it has to sit in the S tier. Okay, let's now review the next AI agent tool on our list, NAT. Unlike Zapia, which only lets you set up agents that perform pre-built actions, NAT lets you do anything an API allows. Which is why if you come to YouTube and you look up tutorials on how to build autonomous AI agents, you'll usually see that they're using NA10, not Zapia. And this is how they're able to make these super complex agents that they show off in their videos. And you know what? In addition to being more flexible than Zapia, it's actually cheap, too, because NAT is actually free and open- source. Now granted, you do have to host it online, but you can pick a hosting platform that's a lot cheaper than what Zapia would charge you. Basically, if you are interested in earning money by opening an agency that makes and sells AI agents, then NAT is the gold standard, but it does have a much higher learning curve with a lot more chances of things to break. Zapier is great for low complexity tasks that you want reliably automated, whereas NAT is for building powerful agents that can do almost anything. So, they both deserve, in my opinion, to be in the S tier. Okay, let's now take a look at the next popular AI agent tool, Open Claw, previously known as Maltbot or Claudebot. And it's super unique, right? Because Zapier and NAT, they let you build AI agents, right? Whereas open claw, it is the AI agent. There are lots of tutorials that show how it works, but basically when you install it on your computer, which honestly is quite a technical process, you choose which files and apps to give it access to and then you can literally just send it a message through say Discord or Telegram asking it to do something using your computer and that's it. It's a revolutionary concept in theory, but in practice, OpenClaw is still making a lot of big mistakes. You basically have to click a checkbox when you install it, stating you understand that giving up your computer control to an AI has a lot of security risks. So, give it another 1 to two years, and I suspect this will be sitting in the S tier. But currently, it's experimental and highly risky. So, for now, I have to pop it in the D tier. So then let's now rank the next tool on our list. Perplexity, an AI powered search engine. You can ask it anything and within seconds it will search the internet, read blogs, Reddit threads, and even scan YouTube and Tik Tok videos to answer your question. I use this a lot for competitive research in my AI print on demand business. And some people say, "Oh, Sarah, can't chat GPT Claude and Gemini search the internet? Why would I use Perplexity?" Yeah, it's a good question. But basically, since it's a search engine first, it prioritizes and cites its sources in a way that makes it easy to use them so that you can verify any answers that it gives you to avoid AI hallucinations. Plus, the free version is great, so most people don't even need to pay for it. I've basically replaced Google with Perplexity, so I'm going to pop it in the A tier. All right, let's now rank the next AI tool, Nano Banana Pro. As I said earlier, this is Google's AI image generator, and it's also the image generator I'm using in my AI print on demand business these days. There are two main ways to access it. One is inside the playground section of the Google AI Studio, which lets you pay per image by connecting a credit card to an API key. Each image costs just a few cents. Or alternatively, you can access it in Gemini. And it's really quite remarkable. One reason it's remarkable is it doesn't just generate art. It generates all sorts of images such as infographics. And another reason is that it's easy to modify an image. Like take that infographic I got it to make. I can now ask for a new fun kid-friendly one. And look, it made it for me in seconds. It's insanely powerful and it's cheap. I might be biased since I love it, but I have to put this in the S tier. All right, next up is Mid Journey. Another image generator. And look, this will always have a special place in my heart because 2 years ago, it was the only AI able to consistently generate images that were good enough that I could actually sell them onto shirts. So, I used to use this a lot. But unfortunately, time has not been kind to Midjourney. Take a look. If I asked the latest version of MidJourney in plain language to generate a photorealistic image of a woman looking out of a train, it gave me this. Whereas Nano Banana, same prompt, gives me this, which is much more realistic. Not only does Nano Banana outclass it for most users these days, it's cheaper, too. So, it's sort of in a similar situation to Grock. For most people, better, cheaper options exist. So, I've got to put it in the C tier. And by the way, if you're new here and curious about my AI print on demand business that I keep mentioning, then don't forget I have a lot of case studies about it on this channel. But basically, I use Nano Banana to generate images that I upload onto print on demand products, which I then sell for a profit in my Etsy and Shopify stores. So, if you want to learn more, you can watch my case study videos, or you can download my free ebook, which shares the six-step process that I've used to automate my stores. I will link to this in the description. Plus, if you are super curious, I also have my course, The Ecom Clubhouse, where I share video tutorials showing my AI tool workflows I'm using right now to make money doing this. And as a bonus for any new readers that sign up for my free ebook today, as a special thank you, I will give you an optional one-time coupon that lets you join and access all of my private tutorials in the clubhouse for 7 days for just $1. But anyway, back to the video. And now, let's rank the next tool on our list, Notebook LM. This is Google's free AI study tool. You create a new notebook and either link to the information you want to learn or you upload your own information that you want to study. So, for example, I gave it a bunch of YouTube Canva tutorials to watch, including my own. And then Notebook Alm made a bunch of super helpful study tools based on them for me, including a custom AI chatbot. And so now I can ask it how to add a shadow effect to text and camber, and it will look at the videos, find the answer, and tell me. And this is really helpful because it will only use the information that you've given it to answer your question, greatly minimizing any AI hallucinations. Crucially though, Notebook Alm by itself does not make you any money. Instead, it's a free tool that helps you use other tools that actually make you money. So, I'll pop it in the C tier, but I still love it. Okay, on to something super cool. Genie. If you haven't heard about this, it's Google's AI world simulation tool. There are lots of video tutorials that show how to use it, but basically you just type in a prompt and Genie will generate a world from it that you can explore for 60 seconds. It's astonishing. However, it's not available worldwide, including sadly here in New Zealand. Plus, you can only get it through the most expensive Google AI Ultra plan and there are no use cases for it right now as of today related to actually making money. But I decided to include it anyway because experts generally agree that simulations will be the next big AI opportunity. So maybe in 2 to 5 years there will be a lucrative business where you use Genie to set up virtual worlds for companies which means maybe in the future it will be sitting in the S tier but for now it is absolutely sitting in the F tier. With all of this in mind, what do you think of my final ratings? This is my final list of the most popular AI tools ranked. As I warned you at the start of this video, some of my opinions are quite controversial. So, let me know if you disagreed with any of my choices in the video comments. And if you want to learn about even more ways that I and others are earning money every day with automated AI businesses, be sure to watch my next video here on screen. And I will see you in the next video.