# AI News: Small Businesses Are Desperate for AI (And They’ll Pay You to Install It)

**Source**: https://www.youtube.com/live/TFSneJIEzPA?si=9Yud3RD8sQqdaUOz

So almost every single small business owner that I talk to right now is in quiet panic mode because they know that AI is changing everything. They hear about Chat GBT, Google AI, Gemini, AI search results, AI chat widgets, agents, things like that. They're terrified that they're going to get left behind because here's the truth. They want to know about AI, but they don't want to build it. and they don't really want to know how to learn prompts. I'm getting text messages from house cleaners that are asking me about AI, private chefs that are asking me how to use AI to grow their business. They don't really want to figure it out, though. They just want somebody to install it for them to make it work and make sure that they don't lose customers or that their competition doesn't get in front of them. And that's where the real opportunity is. It is the conflict that I think most beginners think that they need to be some crazy tech expert or start the next Google in order to be successful with the AI boom that we are experiencing right now. But the real money is not in invention. It's not in in deployment or it's not in invention. Sorry, it is in deployment because businesses already have traffic. They already have healthy businesses. They don't have the time to figure out how to use AI to their advantage. They don't have the time to do what you're doing right now. You're on videos like this where you learn the latest and greatest, the strategies, the tips, the tactics, and you get to take that information back and offer to them for a fee. So, in this video, I'm going to show you some stats, some things that I have uncovered that is shocking in the world of where we are at with the AI boom. And I think you are going to be very surprised as to how early we are and how wide open the opportunity is for anybody that is brand new looking to start this type of business or working with small businesses and getting paid in the process. If you're brand new, this is the great greatest best time to start right now. And I'm going to show you why in this video. And obviously, if you've been doing this for a while, you already know. And I'm going to give you some huge takeaways too in this video. So these stats that I've pulled up to me, they just blew my mind as to where we really are. I mean, if you think about it, if you were if you could go back in time and you could have the understanding of how Facebook ads were running in 2015 and you could be one of the first businesses out there to run Facebook ads, you were essentially printing printing money. You're printing money because advertising was so cheap to show to people. And over time it became more saturated and it became more expensive. That is where we are right now. It is early and we are in the biggest opportunity ever to get going with this. So and and I know this because I mean real talk you guys. Yesterday we closed a deal for an AI growth package to a construction company. This is just yesterday. $1,000 per month. And then the day before that another $997 package. Now, I'm not showing you this invoice because I'm saying you're going to replicate this without doing anything. I'm just showing you my numbers, some of my stats to qualify myself as somebody who is in the trenches actually doing this stuff. I'm doing this stuff and I'm here to report from the front lines from what I am seeing. Now, real quick before we get into these stats, before I show you how big this opportunity is, especially right now, if you like this topic of making money with AI from helping small businesses, I'm doing something a little different today. I'm actually doing a free AI cash flow master class tomorrow where I will be giving my three favorite strategies that you can use right away to get your first or your next client, whether you're brand new or you're a beginner, you've already made over $100,000 online before with AI. So, just like this video, subscribe if you haven't already. Comment below and I'll send you the the link so you can show up live. The link is also on your screen. I'll also be giving away some bonuses for live attendees that are worth a lot of money. And obviously, this is happening tomorrow. So, if you're watching this and the live event has already happened, go ahead and check the link out on your screen anyway. You can watch the replay and the training and still pick up a bunch of those money angles. So, it's still on the table for you. Let me move my head right there. The link is nickponty.ai/AI masterasterclass. So I do hope to see you there. Now let's talk about some of these stats and how big and wide open this opportunity is for you guys. So this one shocked me. Okay. More than did you guys know did you guys know that more than half of the kids in school teens in school are using AI chat bots for school work. Half. That is a crazy number. That is a staggering number. Think about this. So the youth, the next generation that is coming up right now, we're early, right? Half of them are already using these tools to get ahead with their schoolwork. Where do you think they will be in 2, three, four years with respects to using AI? Using it to get their information, help them grow their business, help them start their career, help them like run their everyday life. What this means, and I don't know about you guys, but when I was a kid, not half of the kids were not on computers. I'm not that old. I'm 38. But I can tell you right now, half of the kids were not on computers. Half of the kids did not have phones when I was around. And obviously, look where we're at today. But this is a shocking number because if half of them are using chat bots in school to get ahead right now, then that means the world, the entire world is obviously going to be using AI in no time. And we already know this, but I'm just showing you this stat to kind of open your mind as to where we are going and where we're heading. So, if you are, for example, a small business and you cannot be found or you're not being recommended by ChatGBT, obviously you're missing out. And in just a couple years, you're going to be left completely behind if you don't get on board with this. So, this opportunity right now for you as someone to help that is interested in AI to help small businesses in your area get on board with what's going on right now. And it's not that difficult. They just don't have the time. They don't know where to start. Your opportunity is huge. It's massive. And think about this. Think about all the business owners that maybe perhaps you know in your phone that you could message right now and say, "Hey, is Chat GPT recommending your business for this service?" The vast majority of them are going to say, "I don't know." And if you were to say, "I can help you with that." They would probably say, "Wow, that would be great." And so again, how early are we when most businesses around you don't even know how to get recommended, right? So half of the teens in the world or in the US, whatever. Half I'm in the US, so half of the teens in the US are using chatbots. Crazy. 84% and these are all, you know, actual statistics. This is from the US Chamber of Commerce. 84% of small businesses plan to increase their use of technology AI tools and platforms in their day-to-day operations to improve efficiency. So again, do they want to use AI to grow their business? Yes. Do they know how to? Not the ones I'm talking to. And I don't know about you, let me know in the chat if if you guys are seeing something different. The ones that I'm talking to are very interested. I I was at the gym the other day. The gym owner came up to me and I was like, "Man, there's a lot of people here." He's like, "You're the AI guy." And I was like, "Yeah." He's like, "I'll do anything that you want to do." I'm like, "Okay." I mean, if it doesn't get much easier than that, I don't know what to tell you, right? It's crazy because the gym owner, he's busy creating workouts, training people, picking his kids up from school. He's not like you and me learning how to do this stuff, you know. And if you can follow instructions, if you can take actions, you know, in a lot of my YouTube videos, I give you strategies that all you have to do is literally take actions, follow the steps, you can use tools like Chad GBT, then you can make it in this industry because it is so new and people are so receptive to it right now and there's so much opportunity. There's so many people that need help. It's not like, you know, back in the day, or how about this? If you were a business back in the day when websites first became a thing, if you did not have a website, think of how long it would take to get to all the people that needed websites. Still, there are I think it's like 30% of the businesses in the US do not have websites. How long do you think it will take for all the businesses to get gobbled up by somebody to help them with their online visibility using AI tools? It's going to take a long time. So, right now, you are literally I don't want to say shooting fish in a barrel. You're catching fish in a barrel, though. You're throwing a net out there as long as you're talking about AI and learning stuff from YouTube right now. Okay. So, 84% of small businesses plan to increase. And what does this mean? I don't know about you guys, but I like to work with businesses that usually have a little cash flow. That's how I make money. They pay me to help them. I tend to be at a pretty good place in my career where if somebody is on a super tight budget, you know, unless they're a friend or a family member, I'm probably not going to take them on as a client because every single, you know, client that or potential prospect that is on a very tight budget, they really try to make every dollar go as far as humanly possible. So, for that reason, I really don't take on clients that don't have some sort of a budget. But business owners, the healthy businesses, the ones that have cash flow, those are the ones that make great clients. And most business owners have cash flow. If they didn't, they really wouldn't be in business. So, if you want to work with people that have money, focus on business owners because they usually have cash flow. And back to this stat, they usually want to invest that cash flow into ways to grow their business. It's a tax write off and they get to grow their business with it, right? So, the younger world, the younger generation is massively adopting AI. Pretty soon, the entire younger generation will all be using AI. And if your business isn't catered to making it work for them, then, you know, obviously, I don't know, then you're not going to you're basically invisible. 84% of businesses want to increase and invest in growing their business with AI. But check this out. Over 60% of small business owners struggle with AI implementation due to lack of technical expertise and the understanding of benefits and obviously the data and security concerns. Uh I had somebody walking by my house the other day. I was walking my daughter or walking my dog and taking my daughter for a walk and this person came up and was like, "Hey, what do you what do you do for a living?" And I was like, "Oh, I do advertising." and she was like, "Oh, can you help me with my website?" And I was like, "Well, yeah. I mean, we build websites, but that's not really what we do. You know, we help people get customer sales and leads through AI strategies and online visibility tactics." And I was like, "But, you know, you can just have AI build you a website." And she literally looked at me and said, "You know, I don't really do the AI." And just the way that she said that to me was like I was just like, man, again, we're so freaking early. I don't do the AI thing. People are afraid of it. Data and security concerns, but I have some information for you. This is where it gets this is where it gets really exciting. People are of afraid of it still, but that is changing. That is changing very fast. And so I don't know if you guys have ever heard of a man named Eugene Schwarz. He created a wrote a book called Breakthrough Advertising and he gave us these five stages of awareness. Okay? And these five stages of awareness basically can tell you where somebody or an audience is on a scale of being ready to purchase your product or your services. So essentially on the left hand side you have somebody who is unaware. they aren't aware of their desire or their need to solve the problem or they won't honestly admit it. So, this could be somebody who doesn't even know AI exists, which at this point is kind of hard to believe that anybody is completely unaware. I'm sure there's a small little percentage, right, is a little unaware. And on the far end, you have the most aware, right? They know that your product is the one that can help them. They just haven't gotten around to purchasing it yet. So, what is exciting about this is, you know, obviously if people are most aware, they know that they need it, they know that they that you have it, and they're just ready to buy, then that means that people are very likely to pull out their wallet and pay you for this thing. And so, when you have a lot of people that are very aware, you have a strong likelihood of making money, getting cash flow, growing a business. Now, here's where this is really exciting. If you have a lot of people that are unaware that AI could really help them grow their business, you're still a ways away, right, of convincing them, of trusting them. But look at this. You guys remember uh couple weeks ago, Super Bowl? Were you guys there where we had Anthropics Super Bowl ads being played during um the Super Bowl? Also, Open AI Chad GBT was also running ads. Now, the Super Bowl is arguably one of the biggest televised sporting events in America, in the world. And that same person that said to me, "I don't really do the AI thing." When they see these ads, because they're probably watching the Super Bowl, when they see these ads that are now more mainstream to them, they start to think, "Oh, this AI thing is actually becoming a thing, right? They're going from being completely unaware to becoming maybe more problem aware like oh maybe AI can solve that problem for me. Maybe I don't need to hire another person. Maybe I can automate something with AI. Maybe that is solution aware. Are they warmed up? Are they warmed up to knowing that AI could be the solution to their problem? And then of course, you know, going to product aware, maybe Chad GBT, maybe anthropic, maybe one of these things could help me. Now, I say all this to say that these Super Bowl ads, you know, one of the most televised things out there for people to watch in America, they are warming everybody up through the stages of awareness at a giant scale. Millions and millions and millions of people all at once go from unaware to solution aware to product aware to most aware. And now you go back to guys like this who yesterday were literally paid the invoice, signed the contract before we could even tell the team we had a new client coming in in Slack. Seriously, I'm I'm gonna hopefully I can find this really quick for you because um I think I have to blur this out for you, but no, I can't pull it up. Yeah. So, my sales rep said, you know, he paid the invoice inside the contract before I could even tell you guys that he can't he was coming in as a new client because he's chomping at the bit because he knows that he needs this right now, right? And so, you know, these things that I'm sharing with you, this opportunity, these stages of growth and where we're growing and what I'm calling business owners a a symptom that they're having called AI guilt. It really increases the likeliness of starting and growing a business by helping them use AI tools. And I have been adopting this for a couple of years now. And it's one of the reasons that my company was recognized as the second fastest growing company in Hawaii. And this is a a marketing company, right? We work with small businesses. This has nothing to do with YouTube. This has nothing to do with software sales or any of that other stuff that I do online. This is this team. All they do is work with small businesses in our area in Hawaii in the mainland. And because of this opportunity, because of this growth, because the market is growing in a awareness, we are getting people to be warmed up at a much faster rate. And I wholeheartedly believe that right now is the time for you to lock in and focus on some of this stuff, which is why I've created the AI Cash Flow Masterass. It is a live training tomorrow uh at 2 p.m. Eastern. You can go to the link that you see in your screen, nickponty. Masterclass. Go ahead, save your seat. It's free. I'm going to be giving some bonuses, some live bonuses or some bonuses to the people that show up live that are very valuable. I am also going to be giving you the exact systems that I use to get clients and grow my business. I'm going to give you some of the tactics and tools that I use to specifically grow my company to the second fastest growing company in Hawaii. I'm also going to go or show you how to go from being just somebody who plays with AI, uses prompts, makes uh feels like you're doing busy work, but you don't seem to be getting any deals. I'm going to be showing you how to turn that prompting hacking into cash flow. So, go to the link that you see on your screen. I'm excited to see you guys there. I see a lot of people in the chat. Let me check real quick before we get out of here. Uh, somebody says, "I have been trying for 10 days with no bites. What am I doing wrong?" Nova, perhaps you are trying to sell something to someone who is not sellable. This is something that we will talk about on the training tomorrow, but you know, if I were you, depending on what you're selling, I don't know what you're selling. I would only sell a fishing pole to a fisherman. I would not try to sell a fishing pole to a construction worker. So, whatever you're doing to find people that need whatever it is that you're selling, try to find a problem, someone who has a problem and make sure that the solution you are offering them is the one that they actually need. And then, of course, when you actually let them know that they need it, you have to do so in a way that has a psychological impact on them to actually want to say yes. And I usually do this by packaging up what I'm selling or giving away as an irresistible offer. or an offer that is so good that is difficult for somebody to say no to. And I'm actually giving you three of those irresistible offers at the master class tomorrow. So, if you want something like that, go there. nickponty.ai/AI masterclass. Uh, somebody says, "I need that training." Well, you can go. It's free. Uh, somebody says, "Two weeks before that I had a guy doing sales for me. He had the same results and walked away from the business, so I took over sales." Nova, I'm sure um I'm sure if you follow along with some of the tactics I'm giving you, you will be like some of the other members in my community who are regularly in here posting wins. This is my community. It's AI control room. It's a free community. You know, Richie Cronin here. Uh $1,200. These are action takers, by the way. You can come in here and look at these wins on your own. It's live. It's free. Somebody says, "I've learned more protocols and specifications in the last 12 months than I have in the past decade." I'm I'm with you. And I feel like that we will look back on this time and be like, man, remember when the boom was taking off and we were hunkered down, focused, locked in, learning the things that we are learning right now, and taking action on those things, putting money in the piggy bank, growing what we I mean, that's what I feel like. I'm literally growing this thing for me and my family right now. And I know that I'll look back and be like, man, I'm so glad I sacrificed. I invested time. It wasn't even that hard. I just had to actually spend the time doing it. And right now is that moment. These moments only come around, I don't know, a couple times in a lifetime, maybe even once. I believe this is one of the biggest and everybody else is saying it. People that are way smarter than me that are saying it, you know, take it from them. Don't take it from me. But what you can take from me, I'm just a regular guy. And what I know how to do is I know how to get clients. I know how to get small businesses to pay me for these AI marketing services that you can learn in hours, not weeks, not months, not years, hours. And that is what I have for you in the AI cash flow master class. Somebody says desperate. That's a little exaggerated. Don't you think? I No, I don't think it's it's uh exaggerated. Like I said, I'm talking to private chef, house cleaner, um AC guys, gym owners. What do I need to do to take advantage of AI? These people are telling me they don't know where to start. So, I I don't think it's clickbait, honestly. I see people in chat saying, "I agree." Somebody says, "Thank you for all the free value. I've learned a lot from you over the years, and it was helped me secure plenty of work." I appreciate that. Andrew says, "I love it." Do it says, "Thank you, Nick." Unsecure says, "Thank you, Nick." Uh, Nova says, "I'm glad you were showing me not to give up." And you know what? Uh, I see you guys in the chat. Let me let me paste the link right now for you for the master classes for my people that are here live. It's free. You can go there now and sign up. Somebody says, "I'm starting with my AI business to get some quick cash. I've created an agent that creates websites and attempting to sell them, but I feel like I'm ignoring AI automation. What should I do?" Um, again, find people that need a website. There's no use in giving somebody an opportunity to buy a website from you if they already have a website. So, just make sure that they have the problem of not having a website or they have a crappy website or a broken website and your solution is the one that solves it. And if you can build a list of people that don't have websites, then you can automate the the delivery of those websites. So, you know, just zoom out a little bit and you know, break it down. This is this is the type of stuff that we talk about in my Facebook group or that's not a Facebook group, sorry, in my Go Collab community, the control room. You know, if you guys need ongoing strategy, that's a good place to ask those types of questions. Somebody says, "Nick is a real deal. He has a successful business in Hawaii." Yes, I do. You can look me up. My company's called Minor Marketing. Second fastest growing company in Hawaii, ranked by a uh Pacific Business News. And we experienced like a 254% growth rate year-over-year for 3 years as we started to adopt AI strategies and tactics and tools. Somebody says, "I'm a complete newbie. I will start from zero and we'll be documenting my journey into that's what I would do. That's what I I mean basically what I did, right? I mean, I've been doing this for a decade." Um, and I started making videos I don't know seven years ago, not on YouTube, but like to people that I thought that I could help. And I've, you know, amassed a pretty big following. Like if you I mean big following follow big following in the sense of my group, my community members. I have over 3,000 success stories of people following my tactics and strategies. And in the group, we have verified and documented over $5 million in revenue by group members, not just me, of working with small businesses and getting clients and tactics. So, um, you know, all I've done along the way throughout my career, you guys, is to just show people what I'm actually doing to grow my business. And because of that, because the stuff I'm doing actually works and it's relevant and it's fresh, people like it, people absorb it. And, you know, one other thing that I want to mention too, cuz I was thinking about this the other day. I was watching a YouTube video from a guy who was like, "I'm an expert. I'm an expert at AI marketing. I built an agency and exited it 5 years ago. I thought to myself, man, the information this guy has is probably so damn outdated. He has information on growing a business before the AI boom even started. Does he even really know what he's doing? Like the things that we face today, the challenges are so much different than somebody who is not relevant and has 5 years since passed now selling information. So, one of the most important things that I think right now for you people, for people in my channel community, is to be able to filter out the bad information. There's a lot of bad information out there. Your ability, your your goal now is to not consume as much information as you can. It's to only consume the information that has a high likeliness to actually help you grow your business and take you to where you want to get to, to reach your goals. Filter out the noise. How do you filter out the noise? Make sure the people that you are following are actually doing the things that they are sharing with you, talking about. Bruce says, "I just signed up." Bruce, I'll see you at the master class, man. Looking forward to it. Uh, someone says, "I don't even know how to make a website." Lit. I will show you how to make a website in the master class with three clicks of a button. You do not need to be a techno expert. AI is so damn incredible. Somebody says, "I'm a complete newbie. I will start from zero." I read that one. What's the hardest part to master in your opinion? Uh the discipline of showing up every day and working on your business. Most people can't do that. If you can show up, even if it's, you know, half an hour, an hour every single day, that's the most difficult piece. And if people just did that, especially right now with where we are at in the market with everybody warming up to being most aware at an incredible rate, it would be really hard to not be successful. Somebody says, "Nick, I tried reaching some plumbing businesses and dentists on email and Facebook and send them a link to a custom website which they could not which they could buy immediately." No respon no response. Anything else? Did they not have a website? Did they already have a website? I already kind of covered this. Only send website offers to people that don't have websites. Somebody says, "AI is the way. We have a huge opportunity just to be able to understand what we're doing ahead of the game." Thanks, Nick. Somebody says, "What's the name of the group? AI control room. How do I get there again?" Uh, I'll put the I'll put the link in the chat for you. So, I you guys, I didn't intend for this to be that long a video. Looks like how many people are actually here on this live stream right now. Um, I just kind of intended this to just be a quick video showing you guys the stages of awareness, where we're at, and why I'm excited with some of these stats and metrics, but it looks like you guys have a lot of questions, which, you know, I'm always down to help out as much as I can. Um, but let me know how many people are here because I do want to be respectful of people's time and not just kind of like hang out for too long and waste any time. I just put a link in the control for the uh to join the control room. There is kind of a a bug right now going on with the control room which you know if for some reason when I click on this it glitches out. I have a ticket in there but uh the workaround right now is if you open any post in a new tab you can then read it. But yeah, cool. 67 people. Right on you guys. Well, uh, I'm looking forward to seeing you at the Cash Flow Master Class. Again, if you're watching the replay of this video, you can go to this link anyway. You can watch the replay of it. Somebody else says there's 197 people here rather than 67. That's a big difference. Uh, Munes and Andrew Boy, Anna. Okay, look. Ann, I'm going to do this for you. Somebody says, "How do you when do you show the three clicks to make a site?" Look, I'm going to give you oneclick quick little thing. Okay, I use a tool. It's called Go High Level. If you want 30 days free to it, I will give you a link right here in the chat. Okay, you can use this tool for free for 30 days. I'm not going to go into the in-depth of what this thing does, but essentially it is my software suite of tools that I use to get clients and grow my business. Yes, hit the like if you're getting some value out of this video. Now, I use this tool to build websites, send emails, create AI agents. You can see all these little tabs on the lefth hand side. AI agents, I can send invoices, collect payments. When I started using this tool, I was able to cancel like cancel like 30 other tools and save a lot of money just because this tool does everything for me. Now, if you want to build a website, all you have to do is go to the sites section and click websites. And this is where it's going to take three clicks. You can either use build with AI. Let me move my little screen here for you. You can either build with AI or you can hit new website and click from a template. I like the template option because there's thousands of templates in almost every industry. You can see automotive, business, fashion, health and wellness, real estate, restaurant. So if I wanted to build a website for a I don't know a a yoga yoga shala, what do you call it? a wellness journey, a coach, power yoga class, or how about a real estate agent? If I wanted to do that, I would just come here and I would click choose template. That was two buttons. Two buttons, three buttons, and it's built. And I'm not a technical expert. I don't need to be a technical expert. All I need to do is be able to follow the directions. This tool is the best tool out there for taking AI, taking complex AI, packaging it up, and selling it and using it to small businesses. And so you can see that this website is far better than anything that I could have ever built. I'm not really sure what this piece is. I think it's a popup. Maybe it was dragged somewhere. But look, there's a link right here for you to actually be able to preview it. It's already live. I mean, this is a way better website that you and I could have ever built. And it was done in just a couple of clicks. And now all you have to do if you want to edit this stuff is click and drag. It's already set up there. You can use the AI wizard on the lefth hand side to change and make your requests. If you don't want to do them yourselves, you can have it change the navigation menu, change the images, write content, all these things. So, you can see how easy that is using the AI wizard, right? So, this tool, 30 days free. I put a link in the chat. It's a there's a link in the description. If you sign up for the 30 days for free, yes, I do get a commission if you stay past the 30 days. If you don't stay past the 30 days, I don't get a commission. So, just know that the bonuses and the training that I give you when you sign up through my link are all designed to actually help you be successful with this thing because I do want to get paid and I do want to see you be successful. So, just know that our goals and our incentives are aligned. Okay, so um there's a lot of people here, so I'm going to keep answering some questions before until they kind of stop. Somebody says, "Watching from Scotland. Love your videos." Thank you. I appreciate you tuning in from Scotland. I'm I'm a little Scottish, I think. Ask one last question. Agarth, Argud. One more. I'm a senior engineer and have about 3 months saved in life expenses. I've started the AI business. I've been asking earlier. Should I quit my job and fully focus on my AI business? Uh 3 months of of safety net is good, but I think you should verify your proof of concept for your business. So, I would say like you want to at least get a couple clients. I don't know how you got that 3 months of living expenses, but for me, uh I got 6 months of living expense. I actually I mean I got fired. I used to be a mechanic. I got fired from my other job. Um but I had saved up about 6 months of living expenses and then I got my first client which was a bike shop and the next one which was a makeup company, somebody else. Um but once I sold like three or four people, I was like, "Okay, I can do this." So, I wouldn't recommend just quitting your job if you've never actually like gotten a client before. So, it's two parts, right? Um, have a nest egg and then also have your proof of concept. Somebody says, "I'm signing up to your go high level link today." Done. Awesome. Somebody says, "Nick, snap JT Tomkins. Snapshots from Nick." Snapshots. It's my bonus. So, when you sign up to high level through me, you get what's called my snapshot, which is like my template installation of like websites, automations, and things like that. Somebody says, "Good looking out, Nick. Your help means a lot. Real real recognition. You are the bomb. Learning so much from you." Thank you, God, Nick. God bless you. Just signed up for the AI master class. How do we transfer the info to the restaurant owner? I saw something a gal was showing using Lovable, but she said to buy the domain, then transfer it to the new website owner. Um, so there's a couple different ways to do that. I if somebody doesn't have a domain, I just tell them to go buy the domain and then give me access and then I can connect the website to the domain. And if you want to do that, all you have to do is go to go highle and type in or go to Google and type in ghl connect domain. And one of the beautiful things you guys about highlevel is they have a free completely open support portal that has step-by-step instructions, videos, screenshots on everything you need to know on how to use this tool. like it, you know, if I have good training, they have great training on their tool and they have an incredible support team. So, you know, I just recommend that usually people buy their own domain and then we just connect it to the tool. Um, and if they already own a domain, then same thing like you just connect it this way. I'm not going to waste my time talking about DNS and pointing domains in this video, though. Somebody says, "Can you do a live step by step?" Maybe come to the master class tomorrow, ask your questions there. I'm going to be spending a lot more time with you guys. Somebody says, "What's your view on Clawbot and using it as an agent?" Uh, I'm getting some pretty good activity right now. I have some uh uh I have some super Let me see if I have a screenshot of it handy. I have some super secret squirrel stuff that I'm working on behind the scenes. Automatic prospecting, automatic finding businesses that need something that we can offer them. Um, so I I'm liking it, but what I don't like about it is installing it on my computer or a demo computer. So, I have recently found a way to spin up a Claudebot bot in the cloud and I'm using it in the cloud to do the things that I want because I'm a little afraid of the security risk. So, I do it that way. Somebody says, "I have a huge package. I put together compliance for the relevant US states, seven states, 11 laws, over 100 templates is literally everyday deliverable. How do I sell it?" I don't know. How How do I You want me to tell you? That's That's pretty crazy. find people that need compliance issues and then give them an irresistible offer. So, you know, who is your you got to identify who your target customer is. That's the first step. You know, if if you don't know who your target customer is, then you're not very clear on where how where they live, how you're going to find them. You know, for example, if I am um a roofer and I am trying to get people that need a new roof installation, you know, they're those people that need roof installations, where do they go to search for a roofer? Do they like if I have a leak in my roof right now and there's freaking water flooding out this office, am I going to go to Instagram to go find a roofer? No. I'm going to go to Google. I'm going to go to Google. So, that is a roofer. Their leads live in Google. So, your compliance issue people, where do those leads live? And then unpack your strategy from there. Andrew says the numbers he talking about the deals he's closing. The man is living in Hawaii. I am living in Hawaii. Hawaii is I'm pretty sure I mean I've lived in New York City in Manhattan in a penthouse in the financial district. I think Hawaii is more expensive than there. I honestly do. It's very close, but Hawaii now with everything going on, Hawaii is more expensive. It's are it's one is either New York City, Manhattan, or Hawaii are the two most expensive places to live in the United States. I definitely live in Hawaii. Not only do I live in Hawaii, I'm a real estate investor here. I've got, I think, seven real estate wins in my portfolio. And that has come from my work in the digital marketing world, you guys. I've taken the money that I've made from this even when here's here's a crazy thing to think about. Okay, I got started about 10 years ago and I was late to the game. People were already aware that Google and Facebook were great ways to grow their business and I came in years late. I remember seeing other people like having these amazing great businesses and uh I was like, "Oh man, I'm never going to be successful." You know, people are already crushing it. I wish I I wish I had, you know, gotten into search engine optimization sooner or running Facebook ads sooner, but I just wasn't there, right? I wasn't I w I wasn't there. However, right now with AI, you are here in the most perfect moment. You have 40% of the kids in in the United States are using chat bots to do their homework. In the next couple years, they're going to be using it to run their life. 84% of small businesses plan to increase their use of technology with AI. Over 60% of businesses don't know how to do that. Half the business, more than half the businesses need your help right now. So, the opportunity is wide open compared to when I got started. And so, I'm I brought this up because I got started at a time that it was much more difficult to bring in a sale. And I still managed to be successful because I was disciplined enough to show up every day and grow my business. And that allowed me to become, you know, live in Hawaii, invest in real estate, and live uh what I call lifestyle business, build a lifestyle business, which is pretty sick type of business to grow. So, if you guys are interested in that, that's what we're going to be talking about at the AI Cash Flow Masterclass. Nickponty.aiclass. Tomorrow, we'll be going I I've been working on my presentation, you guys, for the better part of three weeks. Every time somebody's asked me to do something, I'm like, "No, I got to work on this. I got to work on this. I got to work on this. After this call, I'm going to work on my presentation some more. You want to know why? Cuz I suck at presenting. I'm like not a masterful presenter, but I can talk about the things that I'm passionate about, which are getting clients, using AI, and growing my business business. And so, if you get me some slides, this is why I make slides for all my videos, cuz I suck at presenting. I need talking points. And so I've been working on my slides like crazy because I want to make sure that I deliver as much value as possible because I take your guys' time and attention very seriously and I know you're here with me right now which is why I want to, you know, make sure I'm answering your questions. But I do hope that you guys will show up live. Somebody says you won't get any tears from me. Open claw using a VPS cloud hosting or as a ticket sounds like um kind of. We're going to talk more about that don't worry. Somebody says how are you able to manage all the things you do? I don't know. I I'm pretty militant with my schedule and the things that I do. So, you have to be protective of your time. I'm very protective of my time. Somebody says, "I use an AI agent to answer all my calls from my JT Jay Tomkin." That's pretty funny. Uh, and DNS is easy. Don't let it scare. Yeah, DNS is easy. Um, you know, High Level has a walkthrough tutorial. If you ever need an an expert, like let's say you're like on your own, you're like, I'm struggling. How do I figure out the DNS or a website uh I need a website developer or somebody, just go to upwork.com and you can hire a web designer right here or a web developer, a mobile, you know, whatever web developer right there. They can help you with that stuff and they'll charge you an hourly rate. Like you have options. Just know that you have options. Don't let that fear stop you from taking action, okay? Time is a spiritual conser currency. You guys, if you have any last questions before we get out of here, let me know. Put them in the chat. Let me know if you've signed up to the cash flow master class. This is the link. I got to move it above my talking head. Here's the link. Bing, bing, bing, bing. Let me know if you signed up. I look forward to seeing you there. We're going to be talking about how to get clients, how to grow your business, how to save time. I'm going to be giving you some incredible prompts that I've never released before on building the most high valuable lists possible of people that are fitting this criteria. 60% of business owners that need your help. Somebody says, "I need a research team." No, you don't. AI is your research team. I use perplexity for my research team. How do you get rid of distractions and make priorities? Look, I, you know, distractions. I have distractions. Um, I think everybody does. You just got to keep saying no to them and build up that tolerance. Understand how to make it difficult for you to not be distracted. You know, on my phone, I use an app called Opel. Opel. It blocks all the apps on my phone. So every time I like I'm like, "Oh, I want to open up my social media." It's blocked. I can't do it, you know. So I make it difficult to take the easy way out. When I want to work my presentation, my slides that I need to work on by deadline tomorrow, I will open up a new desktop screen. I use Apple. Don't hate me if you're Android. I will open up a new desktop window that doesn't have Slack, email, the other desktops, the tabs, the YouTubes, the blah blah blah blah blah because I know if I have those open, it's so easily to be distracted. You know, you have the most smartest people in the world building these tools and apps designed to keep you there. Of course, they're going to keep you there. They're designed that way. So, you have to make it difficult. You have to make it difficult for yourself to not be distracted. Somebody says, "I signed." Lots of people signed up. I love that. Most people use AI wrong. I completely agree. Registered. You need to learn squirrel. Do you use Olama hugging face perplexing notion? So, actually tomorrow I'm going to be showing you guys where my entire AI stack of all the tools and how I use them, what I use them for. For the first time ever, I I've never released that. Somebody says, "I have signed up." And the last question, should I create my own products first before pitching clients or should I build them on the fly after? Look, you showed up. Tomorrow you're going to see exactly what to do this. Tomorrow, I'm going to show you how to grow your business using other people's money. So, you never have to come out of pocket. And it involves getting clients first. The first thing you need to do is get money. Collect the money. Things change once you actually start collecting some money and growing your business. And I discovered this because my back was against the wall when I was starting my business and I needed to pay my rent, right? So, every time I needed to pay my rent, I had to get a client. That's why I really started to focus on trying to get subscription-based clients. Clients that pay me thousands or, you know, even hundreds per month, but they pay me month after month, the same day. this client's going to pay me $1,000 on March 2nd, next month, and the next month, and the next month, and so think about what having that type of cash flow would actually do to your ability to make decisions about your life or your business. You have more than just a nest egg. You have predictability in your cash flow, which will allow you to say things like, "Maybe I should get that car. Maybe I should send my kid to that school. Maybe I should move over there." But until you have that cash flow thing figured out, you can't really think that way. And so that is a huge shift, which is why we're going to be talking about on the AI cash flow masterass, how to get monthly recurring deals. I had to blur this out because YouTube will censor it. Uh, somebody says, "What time is that live tomorrow?" It's at 2:00 p.m. Eastern. Somebody says, "Do I still have time to get into?" Yes, Ben Schultz, you 1,000% have time to get into a like again, almost every single business I talk to right now, they want to be recommended in chat GBT and Gemini, but they have no idea how to do that. It is a blue ocean. Somebody says, "How do you charge?" I'm going to be I'm going to be sharing where you guys can get my entire company pricing menu. I have a pricing. Where do I have my pricing menu here? I'm going to show you. What do I have here? H I have my pricing menu that I'm going to be sharing on the master class. I've never I've never 20. It's It's the uh 2026 AI edition. Trying to pull it up in Slack. Pricing minor minor pressure. Here we go. Preview. Sorry guys. So my operations manager at the agency, he is regularly reworking the pricing at the agency because the landscape is moving very fast, right? And so um I only want to share the most up-to-date pricing sheet and again like I said it's changing very quick regularly. So, you know, this is give you a little sneak peek. Let me pull it up for you. Scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll. You're not It's not meant to uh share all at once to somebody, but those are all the different pieces. So, like if you want to pitch AI growth to somebody, you just show them the three packages that we offer. You don't want to give somebody too many options. You just want them to check pick one, two, or three. And that's exactly um what happened yesterday when we closed this deal. Uh the guy just picked 1 2 or three. And I know that because um the emails chain I I like reviewed the email chain from from the client and my sales rep and he was like, I want the one in the middle. Let's add the middle one here. Actually, I just found that screenshot so I can share this with you guys as long as I blur out the information because it's an actual live client. Sensitive information. I don't want that to be revealed. Um, let's see here. Here we go. So, with your pricing, he says, "Let's add the middle one for 1,000 a month." Boom. You don't want to give him too many options. Okay. And cash says, "I miss Kapalua." Yeah, Kaplu is a pretty nice place. Like playing golf over there. Wow, you guys are all about Hawaii. I love it. Choke change. He's on Maui. Where are you at? Uh JT mechanic turned entrepreneur. Great success story. Yep. I My dad was a mechanic. His dad was a mechanic. I'm a mechanic. My brother is a mechanic. He was just in our jeans to work on our cars. Somebody says exactly what I'm pivoting to. Turn the engine into a service for all. When you build a site for a client, they want maintenance to change phone numbers or info and they want us to do Yeah. So, you just charge for that. You don't do anything for free. It's a nice opportunity to get paid. Okay, you guys. I've been here for a while. I appreciate you all being here. Uh, like and subscribe. Consider sharing this video with a friend who should get going with this business model. If you haven't already, sign up for the AI masterclass. nickponty.ai/AI masterclass. I hope I've given you some things, some interests, some things that we're going to be talking about tomorrow. Again, I've been working on my slides. I don't I don't Somebody says the link is not working. I mean, it's working for me. I pulled it up. I just put it in the chat again for you. You can check it out. I'll put in the description of the video beyond this. And um mahalo guys. Appreciate you all being here.